SECURE YOUR IPHONE
* Use a PIN Passcode, never use Touch ID. Make your PIN strong and at least 8 digits. Go to iPhones at Settings -> Touch ID & Passcode. In this settings window, check what iOS apps have access when the phone is locked. Make decisions based on your risk level.
* Turn off Location Services for all but necessary actions. You can find this in iPhones at Settings -> Privacy. Review apps in your location settings. Turn off location services for all but necessary actions. You'll find this in iOS under Settings -> Privacy -> Location Services. To reduce the risk of location tracking, don't have services running by default in the background, it will save battery power and reduce unwanted data streams initiated by applications and your mobile carrier. That said, your phone can still reveal your location through triangulation so be intentional a bout when and where you take your phone.
* Additionally in this same menu go to Setting -> Privacy -> Location Services -> System Services and turn off Location-based Apple Ads and Suggestions. Finally turn off all the production improvement settings at Settings -> Privacy -> Location Services -> Product Improvement option including Diagnostics & Usage, Popular Near Me, and Routing & Traffic.
* Encrypt and back up your phone. This is automatic with iPhones when the PIN is activated, just make sure that neither your phone or your computer backs up to iCloud. Only back up to a local drive, additionally do not store passwords with iCloud either.
* Set your screen to local when not in use. We recommend that you choose a short amount of time that does not drive you crazy. We use anywhere from 30 seconds to a minute, you can find it in Settings -> Display & Brightness -> Auto-Lock.
* Clear your message threads frequently. You'll find this option in your message screen. If your phone is confiscated they can compel you to open it exposing sensitive content from your message history.
* Maintain all your iOS updates. These updates will have important security patches. You can find it under Settings -> General -> Software Update.
* Install VYPRVPN on your phone to protect your network access. This allows you to anonymize your network traffic and bypass filtering happening at your internet service provider. Look for this application in app store. Learn more at https://www.goldenfrog.com/vyprvpn
* Install DuckDuckGo as your new web browser and search engine. DuckDuckGo does not track your data. You can be confident that you are not growing a data profile which can be used to profile you by corporations and the government. Look for this application in the app store. Learn more at https://duckduckgo.com
* Install a metadata scrubber for your photos. That way you don't leak important data about a photograph when you share it. This can include your location and more. A good app for scrubbing metadata for iOS is PixlMet. Look for this application in the app store. Learn more at http://www.pixlmetphoto.com
* Download the Talky app to replace skype, google hangouts, and audio calls. Talky is end-to-end encrypted and can be used across android, iOS, and all computer platforms. With the app you can create a session simply by entering a name and inviting people to the new link. You can download it here at https://talky.io or at the app store.
* Use a faraday bag when in meetings that are private or during protests. This bag will block electronic signals from and to your phone.
